	Spotlightify - a overlay controller for spotify, allowing you to quickly control your music without distraction. Please let me know if you are interested in this application as I am thinking of making it public on my github in the near future (once more features have been developed), thanks!
Posted By: Murpho19

This application was developed using pyqt5 and spotipy

Edit: Thanks to everyone who upvoted and commented I really appreciate it. I am working to get this code up on github as soon as possible and after that would very much welcome contributions. Thanks again!
	Posted By: Murpho19 

Pretty cool! Maybe include some of the most commonly used controls as buttons above the input area?
	Posted By: SupahNoob 

This is soo good! If you open source it, I’d love
To help contribute :)
	Posted By: 5ider 

This would be nice built-in to [Alfred](https://www.alfredapp.com/).
	Posted By: aedrin 

Yep 11/12 would use.
	Posted By: soap1337 

Yo dude. What are you doing on reddit, sell this to spotify themselves! That feels so integrated! Stellar job!
	Posted By: goobabo22 

This is too much typing for me. It negates the value so much that I would use the full UI instead.

 I recommend to go full hotkey mode. You are reducing commands to key presses instead of mouse clicks, and there are only so many commands. Lets get rid of all unnecessary key presses. Once I open the interface, just show a search bar where typing a song is optional, and have icons with keys below. Example: play/"P", Queue/"Q", etc. When you press a key, show the cached values for that action and allow searching for a brand new value. 

When you type in the search bar, allow you to pick a song and then use the hotkeys to pick a function.
	Posted By: Panda_Mon 

That my friend is awesome! Where did you find the wallpaper?
	Posted By: Techeavy 

ctrl +space to exit would probably be better. this looks fantastic. this is my fav feature on mac os
	Posted By: RubberFistOfJustice 

I am once again asking for the source code
	Posted By: nekogareth 

This is dope. I can't tell you how much time this would save me from having to swap to another desktop tab just to play a song. Got this on GitHub?
	Posted By: Zer0T3x 

This is amazing. How did you make the GUI?
	Posted By: ravenspired 

