	LPT: From here on out, make "What was your company's COVID response?" a standard interview question.


Hello and welcome to r/LifeProTips!

Please help us decide if this post is a good fit for the subreddit by up or downvoting this comment. 

If you think that this is great advice to improve your life, please upvote. If you think this doesn't help you in any way, please downvote. If you don't care, leave it for the others to decide.
	Posted By: keepthetips 

Mine had emergency plans all ready for dealing with major events. They had started changing everyone over to laptops and our infrastructure so we can work wherever. Partly in case of this sort of thing (we provide essential services) and because that’s what people want. 

The CEO was very keen to state that we aren’t expected to work 100%, particularly those caring for kids. They delivered people’s office chairs and screens if we didn’t have a decent home office. They’ve allowed us all a small amount to buy a keyboard and mouse. They do really try to look after us!
	Posted By: goldenhawkes 

my company found out workers got covid and then demanded that they not tell their coworkers who work in close proximity :) (walgreens)
	Posted By: plantman01 

Company I work for took paycuts across the board for management without affecting labours pay before offering early retirement packages to senior employees. Im hoping to work for this company for the rest of my career.
	Posted By: InfamousHat 

My company pledged publicly to not lay anyone off regarding covid for 2020 and we employ around 94000 employees. Any employees who are required to go into branches or offices receive $50 extra per day. We also onboarded around 1500 students and sent them all new Microsoft surfaces, Mac books, or lenovos depending on their department. Each employee will also get $400 in spending money for home office equipment. They don't plan on sending anyone back to the offices until the government gives the okay, but even then we laid out a plan in 4 phases.
	Posted By: LethaIFecal 

Everyone at my company already worked remotely, so when the pandemic got underway, our CEO started a side-project to raise funds to provide coffee and food for healthcare workers all over the country.  It's 100% in line with his general level of integrity and I continue to be very proud of the company I work for.
	Posted By: LowCalPal 

I'm pretty sure I know every company's COVID response. They all emailed me about it already.
	Posted By: Active_Phone 

I'm also in software. We went from "we work in the office, or at home is an option", to "we work at home", to (soon) "we work at home, or in the office is an option". I think this is good.
	Posted By: teedyay 

I actually hired someone a few days ago, and they asked me that question. We interviewed via zoom, but they are very pointedly asked that question. Which is good.
	Posted By: StubblyClam 

My workplace made the news three times because of their failure to avoid the cluster outbreak in my office. I work for the government.
	Posted By: OutspokenCatLady 

I work in insurance, which as you may know, is preparation for unforeseen events. You'd think this would be a company with a plan in place. 100.00% of my income is commission, via in person sales so when the world stopped, my paycheck did, as well. What did my company offer?

"You can get four $250 checks in April, and repay it in December."

They loaned me $1,000, to cover eight weeks that I wasn't allowed to get any work done.
	Posted By: Shaggy1324 

My company went immediate 99% WFH. There are small percentage that must be in building.

Webhave handled it so well their response continues to be we are in no rush to return to the office. We will only begin going in phases of those that really need office capabilities to meet customer demands when it is clear there is little danger of a second wave in our area.

My direct area we have been told count of staying at home probably until January.
	Posted By: Slade_Riprock 

I work at a software company (not a programmer myself). My boss was in charge of COVID response. As early as late January he already bought masks, gloves, and disinfectant, and promptly prepared multiple scenario protocols. Two weeks before we began remote work he already informed the company we will soon be moving home and to prepare our homes for such a case. When the government announced a reduction to 30% of workers for all companies, we were down to 5% and helped everyone get their stuff to their homes - some of them three hours away.

None of us were fired. Everyone was employed for the same hours during quarantine - including the cleaners, for whom the company found alternative employment. 

I used to have very little faith in employment and tried not to get too attached to a company that can replace me within a beat. My boss and his superiors have given me more than enough reasons to feel home at my workplace
	Posted By: HUJIBoy 

