	LPT: bring a pair of earplugs with you when staying at a hotel


Hello and welcome to r/LifeProTips!

Please help us decide if this post is a good fit for the subreddit by up or downvoting this comment. 

If you think that this is great advice to improve your life, please upvote. If you think this doesn't help you in any way, please downvote. If you don't care, leave it for the others to decide.
	Posted By: keepthetips 

LPT ask the front desk if they have some. Most hotels have toiletries, and sometimes they'll also get earplugs. 

Each of the hotels Ive managed have had earplugs available for guests that ask.
	Posted By: undisclosedinsanity 

I sleep with them every night. When traveling, they are a must. Loud neighbors, kids running up and down the hall, traffic. drunk people coming in late.
	Posted By: yeahwellokay 

Also 3x big binder clips (chip bag clips work as well)...great for closing the curtains if you want to keep the light out.
	Posted By: m053486 

True, but if an intruder breaks in you might be at a disadvantage
	Posted By: ekb2020 

Good tip, had to shove one in the peephole one time.
	Posted By: haemaker 

And a sleep mask if there is too much ambient lighting.  Getting used to that combo at home has made hotels much easier to sleep in for me.
	Posted By: justanotherbombtrack 

Never thought about hotels, but I'd second this for gigs. You can get decent earplugs that come in a little keyring canister for fairly cheap. If you enjoy live music, wearing earplugs will mean you can do so for as long as possible.
	Posted By: flypaperhat 

Flipping heck, wish I saw it before! Haha. Been to a hostel in Lisbon in January. Everything was perfect, it was midnight and no one else in my dorm (9 beds). At 2am, i am woken up by a dude SNORING his soul out of him and right above me. Should have screamed at him ! He was super loud the whole night up until 10 am. And i was tired the whole journey. Ahah, sorry for the rant
	Posted By: Aneebee 

Thought you were going to say to keep roaches from crawling into your ear
	Posted By: BondMi6 

Bring them with you every place you go. Loud construction,  someone chewing, the bad noises are everywhere!
	Posted By: Major_Strasser 

Traveling with a small white-noise machine can help.
	Posted By: OP0ster 

