	LPT if you’re a student, reward yourself for completing big projects ahead of schedule


Hello and welcome to r/LifeProTips!

Please help us decide if this post is a good fit for the subreddit by up or downvoting this comment. 

If you think that this is great advice to improve your life, please upvote. If you think this doesn't help you in any way, please downvote. If you don't care, leave it for the others to decide.
	Posted By: keepthetips 

I rewarded myself all the time and that’s before I did any work at all.

The stressful crunch at the end prepared me for real life where I don’t have several weeks of lead time for projects.
	Posted By: croninsiglos 

That's a great and healthy advice. I used to do this before I got into university and it was great. Unfortunately, now I just get flooded with so much homework and projects that even if I finish one long before the deadline, I don't get to rest because there's too many things to do.     And with the virus on the loose, it just seems like everyone's pulling all nighters all semester because the number of homeworks got tripled.
	Posted By: renfri101 

I have been a straight-A student most of my life, so I always finished projects way before the due date. 

ONE TIME I ended up with a group that was completely useless. Wouldn’t do their work etc and told me they hadn’t done anything 2 days before the due date. I worked myself to the ground to try and finish it. At 3AM I just gave up, there was too much to do even with an all nighter (the project was for 5 students and I was trying to do it all alone). The teacher was surprised to see my defeated face when I gave him the paper, I had just cried all morning from this failure. He was really nice about it, gave me a decent grade and gave a 0 to the others. 

The next group that tried to pull the same shit was met with much less kindness.
	Posted By: Terroa 

\> a nice dinner and a movie

While I agree completely with the LPT, when I was a student, at the end of the semester my budget could usually withstand "I'm gonna SUPERSIZE this Big Mac combo" and not much more.
	Posted By: TheseWereThePlaces 

In my final year of Uni, everyone had to book a time and date to bind their dissertation but it was first come, first serve. And because I was lazy, I got one of the last slots which meant it was the earliest dates that no one wanted so I was one of the first people who had to finish my dissertation, get it bound and hand it in. I got to enjoy listening to everyone stressing about finishing their work when I had handed it in over a week beforehand, not technically a reward but money can't buy the satisfaction of watching the over achievers in my class flapping over a project I finished ages ago
	Posted By: GillyFish14 

This also applies to employees/business people. Ive been in sales for long and I always do something I enjoy if I accomplish a difficult goal. It could be enjoying a whiskey for exceeding budget goals or booking a weekend somewhere for over performing or closing an important deal.
	Posted By: reaganmien 

Got up from bed before 1pm? Treat yo self.

Made it to class before the end of the lecture? Treat yo self.

Didn't forget to do your assignment? Treat yo self
	Posted By: zhephyx 

This is honestly AMAZING advice. This is what I did through post-secondary school and would HIGHLY recommend it.
	Posted By: AidenRice 

Ok follow up question. How do I reward myself. I usually end up doing the same thing as I do while procrastinating. So it's never effective for me
	Posted By: controversial_op 

As an old somewhat lazy guy, this is legitimately a good LPT. Trust me, it's harder to unlearn lazy when that's been your habit since high school. Reward your good habits.
	Posted By: disposable_ted 

How about you come to me??
	Posted By: dayson64 

Does it work for architecture students?
	Posted By: kajila_pandora 

In adult life, due dates change. Sure, bills are due every month, but you have no end date to follow your dreams. Which is good, but also tempting for procrastinating tendencies. As a student, train yourself to get your work done as soon as possible, and reward yourself for every day you get it done before the due date. 💫
	Posted By: Kokojijo 

Okay, but like, what if I just take the reward and not do the project. Haha played myself
	Posted By: iimivix 

