	LPT sleep apnea and CPAP machines


Hello and welcome to r/LifeProTips!

Please help us decide if this post is a good fit for the subreddit by up or downvoting this comment. 

If you think that this is great advice to improve your life, please upvote. If you think this doesn't help you in any way, please downvote. If you don't care, leave it for the others to decide.
	Posted By: keepthetips 

Also try a mouth guard
	Posted By: gwoz8881 

My partner has one. I would add there are different styles of masks. His is small and just fits in his nose. Find the style that works for you.
	Posted By: de-and-roses 

Secondary Tip: Use one of your free mask replacements from insurance to get a full face mask for when you’re sick or suffering from allergies and can’t breathe well through your nose. They’re not as comfortable as a nasal mask, but they’re better than nothing.
	Posted By: evanstravers 

https://www.cpapxchange.com/swift-fx-nasal-pillow-cpap-mask-fitpack.html

This is the one I use. Minimal, doesn't cause discomfort. Can take a bit of strap adjustment for fit, but that is simple. I've been wearing one for nine years. I put the machine on a night stand and run the hose behind/under the pillow by the headboard. It leads to the mask from the side of the pillow away from the machine. 

When I lay on my left side, (away from the machine) or my back the hose stays in front of me. When I roll over to my right side I put the hose above my head so it crosses under the pillow then loops back over the top.

I was a tough sell for one of these. It took 3 years before I decided to be tested and I couldn't sleep easily during the test mainly because they put a huge heavy mask on me. Stupid. It turned out I only slept for three hours and I stopped breathing 121 times. Definitely a candidate for a CPAP.

If you need one use one. It took me about two or three weeks to get used to it. Now I won't/can't  sleep without it. If nothing else consider your health. Not breathing at night is stressful on you body, especially your heart - and your spouse if you have one. When you wake up gasping for air your spouse is also freaking out.
	Posted By: Tek_Freek 

Problem is when you have nose or sinus issues. All the mask types basically require you breath through your nose, even the full face ones don’t work right if your nose is clogged. I tried mine for months with 4 or 5 different masks and could never sleep more than a couple hours with it cause of chronic nose issues.
	Posted By: nnjb52 

God I can't wait for this pandemic to be over so I can  get my cpap machine.
	Posted By: ivysproutss 

I hated the CPAP! I just asked my doctor to see if a BiPAP would suit me better and he wrote the prescription. The difference is the CPAP "Constant" pressure made it tough for me to breath out. The BiPAP will relax pressure when I am exhaling making it easier and more natural to regular sleep. They also have an auto ramp up feature that will sense when you have it on and just go when installed. I only turn my machine off when I wake. The ON just starts when I put my mask on. If you hate the CPAP, try the BiPAP.
	Posted By: Nutwinder 

