	LPT: If you lose your dog and you are by yourself, STAY PUT.


Hello and welcome to r/LifeProTips!

Please help us decide if this post is a good fit for the subreddit by up or downvoting this comment. 

If you think that this is great advice to improve your life, please upvote. If you think this doesn't help you in any way, please downvote. If you don't care, leave it for the others to decide.
	Posted By: keepthetips 

If possible phone someone to come out and search the area while you stay still. Ask them to bring food/treats if they can too. Might as well double up. If your dog is trapped or injured, staying still might be just as bad.
	Posted By: SaintPhoenix__ 

Furthermore, if your dog gets off leash and won’t respond to commands, lay on the ground and stay still. Most dogs will rush to make sure you’re ok and quickly get them out of ‘play’ mode.
	Posted By: Pikcle 

That is excellent advice. A person lost her dog at a show in the country and went home without him. She and all her friends searched for months for the dog. Soon a person at the site of the show saw him as he ducked into a culvert. He was always about 50 feet from where she was parked. Happy ending.
	Posted By: dichenry 

I bring my dog out doing forestry fieldwork and when she runs off after something if I have to keep going I leave a sweater or jacket of mine laying in the spot where she left me. 100% of the time if she hasn't found me, when I come back she's laying on that piece of clothing waiting for me to come back for it/her.
	Posted By: ScarlettCamria 

SUPPORT THIS.  Whenever I "lose" my dog hiking, she ALWAYS comes back to where I was when she left, or where she thinks I would be after the amount of time lapsed (which is always much closer than I would actually be, had I kept going at the same pace - I think she doesn't keep his time while exploring).
	Posted By: usernameJenny8675309 

I lost my dog at the park once, I searched a small area around where I last saw her but eventually gave up. When I got home she was waiting for me on my front porch.
	Posted By: 1up_for_life 

This is very true. My dog is a tiny Jack Russell terrier mix, only 9 pounds, but I take him with me everywhere and he likes to wander. One time we were in the Sycamore Canyon wilderness with a friend and Nippet (my dog) wandered off the trail into the brush for a little longer than usual. My friend started to panic and I told him “nah don’t worry he always does this. Let’s just take a break until he comes back.” 
We hung out by the creek and had some lunch. Sure enough, about 20 minutes later he came bolting out of the tree line and found us. 
I don’t worry about him much because he’s pretty resourceful and very fast. Also, if he ever got hurt, I’d definitely hear it. This dog has some mutant lungs when it comes to barking.
	Posted By: infinite_averno 

I lost my dogs in the woods. He went chasing deer, in thick fog. I waited a good 20 mins, he came back panting and stayed by my side the rest of the 2 hour walk. Good doggo.
	Posted By: Lucicerious 

What if I don't have a dog and I am by myself?
	Posted By: ArielRR 

This is actually really good advice.  Thanks!
	Posted By: myveryownflag 

Can confirm. My dog once ran off into the bush while we were camping. We stayed an extra night, and sure enough, he turned up at our campsite after 24 long hours.
	Posted By: Thenumberthirtyseven 

I had a similar experience. We were watching a friend's dogs and they insisted that they wouldn't run away. Sure enough, the only chance they got, they got out and ran off the property. It felt like forever, but it was really only 45min until one of the two came back. We split up, drove around, panicking. The second dog came back 1t minutes after that but at the back end of the property along the fence. 
They know the scent, just they suck at going around. We eventually got them home. It's just terrifying.
	Posted By: Atomic_Chad 

I think this really depends on the dog breed and size, where they're willing and capable to go depends on that a bit. I've had GSDs my whole life and one of them was an escape artist. We always had to go looking for her because not only was she willing to go ANYWHERE but she also had epilepsy so it wasn't guaranteed she would be able to get back on her own. Of course there were occasions we would come back and be sitting on the porch whining for food after we went looking for her, but she also made her way into people's BBQs more than once. It was always panic inducing.

She broke through not one but two locked gates multiple times in order to take her strolls. GSDs, man, too smart.
	Posted By: kmyash 

