	LPT: take a few minutes and learn the NATO phonetic alphabet (alpha, bravo, charlie, delta, echo...). It comes in handy when you are providing letters over the phone, plus it sounds really cool.


Hello and welcome to r/LifeProTips!

Please help us decide if this post is a good fit for the subreddit by up or downvoting this comment. 

If you think that this is great advice to improve your life, please upvote. If you think this doesn't help you in any way, please downvote. If you don't care, leave it for the others to decide.
	Posted By: keepthetips 

A while back my dad was helping me find a used car. He found one and calls me over the phone to tell me about it and he gives me the license plate using the NATO phonetic alphabet. Thing is I hadn't heard of it at the time so I'm struggling to literally write down "Delta, Alpha, Charlie" thinking this is the worst novelty plate I ever heard of.
	Posted By: The2500 

This is a good Lima Papa Tango.
	Posted By: SoLongGayBowser 

N as is Nancy? No M as in Mancy!
	Posted By: BlakusDingus 

I have it bookmarked on my computer because I forget every word I ever learned when I have to spell something over the phone. My brain malfunctions, dude. One time I said “R as in aardvark” and I almost ended the call.
	Posted By: Conscious_Tea 

I use the phonetic alphabet when I'm talking to the help desk at work all the time (they're in India and Ireland so the accents can be an obstacle).

I feel like I'm calling in an artillery strike every time I give them my PC name to remote into.
	Posted By: FastWalkingShortGuy 

Affirmative. Especially airline support staff will assume you're also in the industry and many times I've gotten away with favors and better support for making their lifes easier.
	Posted By: rastlosreisender 

November echo victor echo Romeo golf Oscar November November alpha golf India victor echo yankee Oscar uniform uniform papa.
	Posted By: mandobaxter 

Can vouch for this. I've known the NATO phonetics since I was a little girl because my dad was navy and taught me.

The only time it ever failed me was when I actually encountered someone NAMED MANCY.

I had to write an email and I swear I almost shit myself because I did the whole N for Nancy, they said M for Mancy, I still heard N for Nancy because, really. I was so wrong and confused.
	Posted By: Lochnesstastic 

