	LPT: If someone puts you down, they’re not worth keeping around. It’s not normal for people that care about you to put you down.


Hello and welcome to r/LifeProTips!

Please help us decide if this post is a good fit for the subreddit by up or downvoting this comment. 

If you think that this is great advice to improve your life, please upvote. If you think this doesn't help you in any way, please downvote. If you don't care, leave it for the others to decide.
	Posted By: keepthetips 

You should add "...keeps putting you down...".

I think everyone does a mistake once or twice, I think you cannot judge people on a single incident, maybe they had some other intention.

But anyway there are over 7 billion people in the world, you can go for the next one for even the silliest thing.
	Posted By: phenomdark27 

Keep in mind there are certain friends you have that will "Bust your balls" all in fun and expect the same from you. If friends cannot joke with one another and only compliment each other, then that may be another friend group so to speak. Growing up I had both. Never really brought both groups together as they wouldn't get along.

 Some prefer one or the other. Some have both. But my point is you don't have to have just friends that only compliment you unless that's what you truly want. Just because someone jokingly puts you down or says something that may be offensive to others, doesn't make them a bad friend. In fact, they'd probably be the first person to stick up for you if someone truly did say something bad about you and meant it
	Posted By: just_another_Texan 

"friends that are mean and don't do friend things aren't good friends" I feel like that's kind of common sense? Is it not?
	Posted By: zeusar 

Off topic, but when you said put down I thought like a friend who is physically carrying you and had to put you down. And I was trying to figure out why that was a bad thing like dude, their back must be killing them. 

This is shit my cat would be saying. 

If your owner puts you down they aren’t worth keeping around. It’s not normal for your human who cares about you to put you down.
	Posted By: Desert_Fairy 

This applies to romantic relationships as well. Keep people who lift you up, and ditch the ones who drag you down.
	Posted By: FatOldBrokeFix 

What if the president puts you down :(
	Posted By: ThatOneGuyFrom93 

I wish I paid more attention to this in college
	Posted By: pinkbunny431 

About a year back, I sent a very quick message to a friend after my four-year old daughter told me that he had taken her for a drive in his car without a child restraint.  (My daughter and I had just arrived at a friend's house, so I wanted to flag the issue and talk about it once we were home.)

In return I received an intemperate, abusive barrage of eight messages.  He called me a "fuck head", a "dick head", and a "weak little angry fuck" (because I had the temerity to not reply to him within 13 minutes, since we were all playing hide-and-seek).

But it gets worse...

He decided, for some strange reason, to copy my ex-partner of two years (my daughter's mother) in on his rant, and call her an "avoidant fuckhole" and a "loser" as well.

And to top of his unhinged vitriol, he told us to "grow.the.fuck.up".  He's a 45 year old who still lives in his mother's basement.
	Posted By: EvilBosch 

Man these LPT make me laugh “don’t be around mean people because mean people are bad.”
	Posted By: BlueP0werRanger34 

