	LPT: If you have a family member who is overweight and requires frequent medical attention...don’t put their bedroom upstairs


Hello and welcome to r/LifeProTips!

Please help us decide if this post is a good fit for the subreddit by up or downvoting this comment. 

If you think that this is great advice to improve your life, please upvote. If you think this doesn't help you in any way, please downvote. If you don't care, leave it for the others to decide.
	Posted By: keepthetips 

Now that’s a good tip. My aunt had MS and she had a hospital bed in the living room, which I always thought was odd but looking back now, I can see they had her positioned in a spot that was closet to the exit with no door frames to get through until leaving the house.
	Posted By: Parictis 

Shouldn't put people who have really bad back issues upstairs either. My cousin was in the top room (attic) of the house, had tight spiral stairs. 

His back went out, he couldn't even move, no one could get him down the stairs so he had to walk down.
	Posted By: papercut2008uk 

Also, if you're building a house, have one room on the ground floor that can be a master suite. 

Make all the doors(inside and out) of the house wide enough for a wheel chair. Hallways too.
	Posted By: PYTN 

My memory is shit but in What’s Eating Gilbert Grape, wasn’t his overweight mother on the top floor?
	Posted By: FaceWithAName 

Neighbor would frequently call, ask for help getting up or going up down the stairs, not a fun job for me or the firefighters (who I got to know quite well after at least 7-9 times he needed them.) He had a narrow staircase with a L turn as well, made it sketchy AF.
	Posted By: SpunTheOne 

When my wife had her gall bladder removed, she was going to take it easy for a couple weeks, but I only had a weeks worth of vacation. I pressured her into allowing me to set up a bed downstairs. 

Whether it was the first week I was home, or the second week when I had to go to work, it made life so much easier. I cooked plenty of food, so she only had to re-heat it the next day.
	Posted By: series_hybrid 

Great advice. Basement it is.
	Posted By: honkaponka 

My father is 450lbs with a broken hip. The fact that there aren't many homes for sale with bedrooms on the main floor has been a serious issue for them. COVID has prevented him from getting hip surgery.
	Posted By: cfbuzzkill90 

It's a safety hazard for you as a firefighter too! Know an EMT who completely jacked their thumb up carrying an overweight individual on a stretcher down a set of stairs. Snapped tendon, multiple surgeries/infections/more surgeries. It was the starting point of no longer being able to work on the ambulance...
	Posted By: Letsgeticecream 

Makes me think of the ending of What's Eating Gilbert Grape.
	Posted By: planetpuddingbrains 

We used to live in a condo where both bedrooms were upstairs and the staircase was a really tight carpeted spiral staircase. I ended up getting very sick for a couple weeks (my immune system is crap) and I was very nauseous and dizzy and I was dumb and decided to take a shower while my fiance was at work. My legs started feeling weak, my arms went numb, my vision was almost gone completely, and there was a very loud ringing/fuzziness in place of any sound. I was terrified. I thought I was gonna pass out or fall and no one would be able to get to me upstairs. I ended up getting out of the shower and got to the bed safely and called my fiance once all the fun stuff subsided. I would not have been able to walk downstairs. Every living space whether it's  an apartment, house, condo, etc. should have a staircase and doors that are accessible for emergency services. And bedrooms and bathrooms on a ground level that disabled, ill, or overweight people can use in case there are accidents there.
	Posted By: als0226 

As a person who has mobility issues, I put my bed in the living room of the main floor.  There is no way I can climb stairs.
	Posted By: louiseannbenjamin 

Now this is the kinda shit that should be upvoted on this subreddit
	Posted By: ToeFondler 

There are some houses where all bedrooms are on the second level. There may be dens/offices on the first level, but they may not have windows or proper egress and therefore can’t be used as bedrooms. 

It’s easy to say, “Put the fat unhealthy person on the first floor,” but financial circumstances may not allow that, suggestions to the contrary.
	Posted By: Guinnessgirl1964 

What if the bathroom is on the second floor?
	Posted By: yamaha2000us 

