	LPT: You don’t need social media because everyone else has it


Hello and welcome to r/LifeProTips!

Please help us decide if this post is a good fit for the subreddit by up or downvoting this comment. 

If you think that this is great advice to improve your life, please upvote. If you think this doesn't help you in any way, please downvote. If you don't care, leave it for the others to decide.
	Posted By: keepthetips 

Social Media can be used for much more than just posting your life and checking out friend's photos.

* FB Groups : very useful and that's how I found my previous places, roomates etc.
* FB Marketplace is great for selling used stuff, and that's how I sold my car.
* FB places is awesome, the possibility of contacting companies through messenger or booking appointments without even needing to make a call.
* FB feeds to get the latest news, information on shops, supermarket etc
* Instagram to keep up with local/online shops new collection/products.
* Twitter is awesome for news

All these things are extremely helpful. My friends make fun of my FB feeds as it's mostly news and group post and little picture content.

It's not social media that is 'not for everyone', but rather your usage that does not need to be like 'everyone elses'.
	Posted By: hmpk 

My life is much better without the "i need to post this" thing.
My boss often praises how "fast and more productive" than others i am (he isn't on the room all the time so, lots of instagrans and twitters for everyone...)
	Posted By: Arthurdcosta 

As a teenager I can say that if you don’t have one of the things with DM’s like snapchat and instagram, you won’t be talking to people. I have it for the sole reason of it being the only way my peers are communicating. It’s not very fun.
	Posted By: GGingerton3 

I don’t have it, but my brother and sister are always telling me that’s the best way to see their family photos.
	Posted By: blue_soup_nazi 

Reddit is social media too.
	Posted By: harley9779 

I noticed my anxiety for much better after I stopped feeling the need to post things and stored caring about social media.
	Posted By: OhJustANobody 

