	LPT: When you invite someone to your house “for dinner” specify whether that means ordering in or cooking/providing dinner.


Hello and welcome to r/LifeProTips!

Please help us decide if this post is a good fit for the subreddit by up or downvoting this comment. 

If you think that this is great advice to improve your life, please upvote. If you think this doesn't help you in any way, please downvote. If you don't care, leave it for the others to decide.
	Posted By: keepthetips 

I wouldn't ask someone to my home for a meal and ask them to pay.  When it's just 2 friends and you decide to split the takeout bill instead of going to a restaurant I wouldn't let my friend buy my dinner if it was me & this was routine like you're describing so I can understand what you're saying & why you guy do it like that.  Otherwise one person is footing a $70 takeout dinner. Yikes...... But here's my point, IMO you owe it to your friend Perhaps, to tactfully let her know what happened so that she learns the lesson as well, not just Internet strangers.  If she's your friend you should be able to have an honest and vulnerable conversation with her, if for no other reason than ask that it doesn't happen to you again.  "Hey Friend,  I love having dinner with you. That was awesome but im on a budget now because of my job so Im choosing not to spend on takeout, even as a treat. It's not in the budget. Next time maybe we can plan ahead for the meal or skip dinner,  just hangout and watch a movie, whatever,  forego the calories altogether...." yaddi yaddi yaddi... Ionly suggest telling her because if it was me and I made that mistake  I would want to know. How can you get better,do better,or fix things if you are always shielded from your mistakes?....Good luck either way!
	Posted By: soup4muhBeb 

Inviting someone to dinner means you are making dinner and inviting them to join you. Inviting someone over for dinner and then asking them for money is a dick move.
	Posted By: insidmal 

If you invite someone for a dinner, you always provide dinner. Not doing so would be like inviting someone to a party and then expecting them to throw the party for you
	Posted By: UhmNotMe 

Who invites someone to their home and expect the guest to pay???🙄🙄
	Posted By: Goodboi421 

$70 on dinner for two at home?

What did you all have?

** pick that food up otw.
	Posted By: SatansLoLHelper 

Who tf not only picks where to eat without asking their friend but then also just decides what they want to eat without asking them?
	Posted By: TheSinningRobot 

Who the fuck invites people over for dinner, and then makes them pay even their portion for a takeaway?
	Posted By: ledow 

Think this only applies if you have a normal routine of ordering takeouts and splitting the cost. 

I have people over all the time, sometimes for takeout, and never did i ever ask for any money. I don't think i have even been offered money for takeout.
	Posted By: rocheri 

I'm of the opinion, that if you invite someone to your home for dinner, you are providing the food. Whether that be home-cooked, or ordered, it is the host's responsibility.
	Posted By: Pirate_Green_Beard 

Even if you plan to order takeout, that’s a dick move to order for someone without asking.
	Posted By: TootsNYC 

