	LPT: If you like nice espresso, but want to save money, buy a $100-150 espresso maker for your house, nice coffee, and a bottle of your favorite syrup. You will save a fortune and have better tasting coffee.


Hello and welcome to r/LifeProTips!

Please help us decide if this post is a good fit for the subreddit by up or downvoting this comment. 

If you think that this is great advice to improve your life, please upvote. If you think this doesn't help you in any way, please downvote. If you don't care, leave it for the others to decide.
	Posted By: keepthetips 

Adding to this that sometimes the fancy high-end kitchen stores (Williams Sonoma, Sura La Table) actually have one or two units that they use to make fancy coffee for people coming into the store - so you can actually try the output of a unit before you buy it.

Of course if you just like the experience of a big-chain coffee store in the morning, you can have your spouse / roommate make your coffee, and yell your name incorrectly. ;)
	Posted By: WhoIsRobertWall 

Don't buy syrup! Make your own. Simple syrup or Demerara cane sugar syrup are incredibly easy to make and can be flavored easily. 

They are also shelf-stable and since it's already dissolved it will require less sweetener to give the desired taste.
	Posted By: OrmondMartin 

I did exactly this at the beginning of the lockdown and it has paid itself over many fold. 

I would like to stress to follow the instruction manual of your machine when it comes to maintaince. Descaling is important and should be done at the prescribed intervals for the longevity of your espresso machine.
	Posted By: PTLimited 

Can you get a cute surly art student who is totally out of my league to interact with me while I do it? No? I'm going to the shop. I'm leaving a little extra, because she has to deal with me. What are you saving for, retirement? Bwaaaaaaa! 

You are not going to retire. You are going to the same hell hole we all are. Difference is, I won't give a fuck and you'll be all "I did everything right, boohoo" 

Enjoy every facet of civilization that exists. Enjoy every comfort to the hilt. The building is on fire and the doors are locked. No one gets out alive.
	Posted By: Mandolinorian 

What on earth is syrup and why are you putting it in espresso?
	Posted By: OzymandiasKingofKing 

