	LPT: If you seriously fuck up at work, keep your mouth shut and get a lawyer.


Hello and welcome to r/LifeProTips!

Please help us decide if this post is a good fit for the subreddit by up or downvoting this comment. 

If you think that this is great advice to improve your life, please upvote. If you think this doesn't help you in any way, please downvote. If you don't care, leave it for the others to decide.
	Posted By: keepthetips 

Fun fact, in Canada "I'm sorry" is explicitly written into law as not an admission of guilt. Apologizing is so engrained in our culture that it had to be spelling out in law.
	Posted By: ThePiGuy2 

Always couldn't agree more. Their job is to protect the company not you. If they can hang you they will. Never admit to anything. Even if you're the one who got hurt due to faulty equipment. They will twist your words against you. If there is ever a case for union this is one of the biggest.
	Posted By: edtb 

What's fucked is if you make a mistake in the military, one of the first things they have you do is sign away your rights to a lawyer. If you refuse, they basically treat it as admitting fault.
	Posted By: Baurusdavinci 

Outside something criminal, The company is still liable for the employee actions / mistake.  The worst that could happen to the employee is they lose their job.  Most of the initial questions are needed to prevent future accidents.  Not assign blame.

I work with a lot of worker’s compensation too.  What you say is not correct.  Getting hurt on the job is getting hurt on the job.  That’s it.  The extent of the injury & loss of use dictates settlement.  These cases are overseen by state judges.
	Posted By: Oldswagmaster 

This is some solid advice.
	Posted By: _youroverlord 

Just like talking to the cops
	Posted By: Shakawakahn 

Often true but there are big and important exceptions.

Let's say that what you screwed up is that you used the wrong bolts to attach major structural members of a bridge.  If you stay silent, it's likely that many people will die and you could be charged with criminal negligence or manslaughter. If you speak up, you could save lives.  You could also lose your job but that's better than killing people and going to jail.

Before staying silent ask whether your silence could hurt or kill people.
	Posted By: tuctrohs 

Lol, like union representation is a thing that's widely available to anyone other than police officers anymore.
	Posted By: ldobehardcore 

