	Rules simplification


Rubber boas can’t constrict, so it’s all good.
	Posted By: Em_Adespoton 

More subs need to do this. I’ve just given up on some subs because their submission requirements have become ridiculous.
	Posted By: zinky30 

New to reddit in general. Why would these tips I.e driving or relationships be banned? I understand that they may be inaccurate or oversimplified for nuanced issues, and so if followed harmful, but shouldn't the responsibility be on the reader to think critically?
	Posted By: 1000sloths 

How many karma is needed to post? It’s not listed anywhere I can see. I just had a great LPT made not visible because I don’t comment enough.
	Posted By: M0rganQTpi 

Can we bring back the 'not a LPT' rule? I feel like since this simplification, I've seen a lot more garbage that isn't a tip, and possibly harmful, and is called out as so in the comments. But that doesn't stop people upvoting and spreading more false info.
	Posted By: dochalladay32 

Please reduce the karma count for posting. I always want to post here but due to low karma I cannot. I have been active redditor but I comment or post very less to gain karma
	Posted By: rockyboy49 

So we can talk about fucking coconuts now?
	Posted By: PineapplePizzaGaming 

What's the logic behind starting every post with LPT?
	Posted By: None 

Yeah, kinda stupid I can’t post basic toiletry things people would actually find useful
	Posted By: evanstravers 

I feel one issue that needs to be rectified is an automod of the title. I would sometimes accidentally forget to add “LPT” before a post and it would remove it and remind me I need to add LPT and as you can’t rename titles in reddit but when I go to re-upload it, it says there’s an error in posting it and I’ve tested it and it’s just a duplication filter. It’s very frustrating if I’d spent all that time crafting a detailed LPT.
	Posted By: PalmTree888 

When heating a pan, add a tea/tablespoon of water. You will hear it boil when the pan is hot. Also avoids having to touch the pan, reducing the risk of burns.
	Posted By: HellCold1806 

Can I give an LPT suggesting giving a double gift of coins instead of gold while said gift exists?

Giving double coins costs a little more, gives the shiny to the post and gives the recipient 500 coins as well, so they can gild someone else (or silver five people!) and make more people smile in the process!
	Posted By: BartlebyX 

ZRååojx

>simplification
Ølp
Ø
	Posted By: MrSanthil 

