	Autistic man here. Why do so many people hate on autistic people? Using autistic as an insult, bullying us online, claiming we need to be "cured". Where is this hate coming from?
Posted By: OrbitalColony

Ignorance. 

Us vs Them mentality - this happens for all walks of life - You are different from me and so you are wrong and I am right.

To partly quote Yoda, “Fear leads to anger… anger leads to hate… hate leads to suffering”
	Posted By: FriendlyGoon 

Some people are fucking morons. Dont worry about them, they are not worth your time and energy :)
	Posted By: DumperDump69 

People hate what they don't understand. These people are ignorant and I'm sorry you have to deal with them. You don't need to change. Be you.
	Posted By: Captain_Shadowhawk 

People are dicks towards anything that's different from the ideal of "normal" they've built up in their heads. That's on them, not you.
	Posted By: AThrowawayIDidnt 

I want to comment on the “cure for autism” topic. For someone who is only mildly autistic, the idea that someone else might want you cured can be offensive. You think of autism as part of who you are, and you love who you are. But think about that autistic person on the other end of the spectrum who cannot talk, interact with others, or ever live on their own. Can you understand why they (or their loved ones) would want a cure? Autism, for them, is not just part of their personality—it’s a detriment to their life. If we could cure that person and allow them to actually thrive, isn’t that a good thing?
	Posted By: zarza_mora 

I have twin boys on the Spectrum and they were raised to believe that autism gives them super powers. They smell, taste, hear, feel things that us mere mortals are not able to. Their thought processes are fascinating, unique and insightful. This is not to ignore the very serious issues that can arise from autism. It can be extremely debilitating for some. Especially when my sons were younger there were all kinds of behavioral issues, sensory overloads and meltdowns, but you learn to pay attention the cues your child is giving you and try to find coping mechanisms that work for them. I have no time at all for idiot anti-vaxers that would rather risk the health (and possible death) of their child and everyone they come in contact with than have a child with autism. Putting the overwhelming scientific data disproving any link between vaccines and autism aside, Death is better than autism, really? Fuck you from the bottom of my soul!
	Posted By: DirtyTrixter 

I have an autistic teenager and he is really terrible about picking up conversational cues, controlling his volume, and talking over people (louder and louder until they give up). He's been coached on this numerous times and even though I still sympathize, he's really annoying at best and severely grating at worst. It can present to people as simply selfishness and/or narcissm. He's getting better though now that he got a job and is interacting with the public in a meaningful and independent way.
	Posted By: r4ygun 

I've worked with a few autistic people. Some of them can be incredibly kind, professional and gentle. Others can be very annoying or absolute bastards. 

The annoying and the bastards will be remembered.
	Posted By: dietderpsy 

Just letting you know, not all of us hate autistic people.
	Posted By: I-am-trumps-codpiece 

I'm going to get downvoted but I'm a nurse and I have an honest answer.

The meltdowns. This is like 90% of what people describe as difficult. Being around someone having a meltdown is very very unpleasant. And most people wont empathize with you (knowing that the one having the meltdown is suffering.)

Also the social deficits make people very uncomfortable. This is the way of the word, I wont sugar coat it. Can't deny that there is a stigma :(
	Posted By: MatrixGlitch1992 

[deleted]
	Posted By: None 

I think it might be because it’s viewed as being “not normal” which certain people can’t live with:
	Posted By: Chrisboy04 

As someone who was also diagnosed with it, I don't think people actually do hate on autistic people... per-say. I think the internet hates autistic people the same way they hate "Karens". They don't actually hate people named Karen, it's just an umbrella term they gave to people with certain behaviors they think are... distasteful. While I also don't care for the internet describing distasteful people as autistic, it's the internet. Everyone gets crapped on.
	Posted By: CrossENT 

Most people moved on from saying the same things about gays. Autistic people are just the current target. Wonder what it will be next.
	Posted By: Pink_Flash 

Insecure children, it’s all insecurities no matter what. The way I see it? Don’t joke about the things people can’t control about themselves. I see a lot of hate on here on issues that don’t particularly affect the vocal haters. 

I can only imagine how much seeing those insults hurt, and I’m sorry people like that exist. The best thing we can do is report those hurtful things, inform others about how their words have an effect on others, and hope some folks learn to grow up. 

It’s nothing on what you do, so stay you, Reddit needs more compassionate people.
	Posted By: DesultoryUser 

>Where is this hate coming from?

**Short answer:** they are bigots.

They simply view anyone who is "different" from them in any way as inferior or undesirable.

You are not the flawed one. They are.
	Posted By: Gfrisse1 

