	Believers of Reddit why do you believe in God ?
Posted By: beelzeebub077

VeggieTales doesn’t make as much sense without believing.
	Posted By: Sinlessguitar 

I thought this thread was going to be filled with arguments, but it's surprisingly wholesome.
	Posted By: Dev1sol 

It's a tricky question because we need to know what sort of "God" you're asking about.  I am a Christian, but I certainly don't believe in the white-bearded old man pictured in the Sistine chapel.  Yes, in Genesis it says that God created man and woman in his own image, but I don't take that to mean his physical image.  I think it more likely means that humans were created with the capacity to create and destroy, with free will and the ability to think critically.  When you compare our abilities to those of other species on the planet we certainly are godlike.

I believe in an omnipresent creative power in the universe, a power which can be channeled.  Beyond that I don't strive for a definitive understanding of God.  The text of 1 Corinthians 13:9-12 suggests to me that, in the eyes of God we are like children who can understand God "in a mirror dimly" and will not achieve full understanding until we meet face to face.  I'll wait until then to figure Him out.
	Posted By: Porchdog67 

I was brought up with religion. My mom and other family members said tales of many gods and goddesses ( yes we are Hindu). We celebrate a lot of festivals. I believe big bang and the evolution. But I also believe in a higher power. I believe that if I do good my life will be better, if I help others I will be helped when necessary. That I should work hard and believe in myself. It has given be confidence and hope. Religion for me is about helping others and believing in a greater power.
	Posted By: Ash-N 

if i’m being honest, i was born into it and to face the whole wild world without knowing somebody has my back and that this isn’t all that there is quite scary. 

i also think about all the people i’ve met and grown up with in church, how they’ve cared for and held my hand through rough times. been my shoulder to cry on. 

not to say that non religious people aren’t loving, or that all religious people are loving (it doesn’t take much looking to find that out), but i definitely think i would be much...less considerate without having the morals of God in mind.

all in all, i would recommend looking through various religions to see what u think is true. and to other religious people, the best way to spread your belief is to be loving toward others. actions speak larger than words.
	Posted By: eeyeehee 

Every morning when I pray, walking out I just feel like I can do anything. Literally. It's not an explainable feeling.

Edit: Thanks for the award, and the upvotes. And aethiests, please relax lol. If you don't believe in something, you do you, and I'll do me. I was being completely honest; Nobody here cares whether you think my experience is valid. Good day.
	Posted By: discipleofpage 

I grew up with it, kinda without realising, and it's nice to believe that there's something more. Also I'd like to think that I'll see my mom again.
	Posted By: HellBell666 

Because I have felt, and continue to feel, God's love in my life.

Because when I follow the path of Love, it makes life better for everyone, including myself.
	Posted By: oyuno_miyumi 

I was brought up catholic but it wasn’t until I was older that I appreciated it. I believe because we receive so many blessings every day and it’s our choice to see the good or the bad. We can also choose to do good or bad. Either way, God loves us & watches out for us. He lets US choose what kind of relationship to have with him. When I realized that, it blew my mind. I agree with others- it’s all about love. If you had to sum up the Bible in one word - that word is LOVE. So be good to each other because that’s all that matters in the end. Have a great day
	Posted By: dipshit_junction 

