	Bisexual people of reddit, what are the biggest diffferences between having a relationship with a man and with a woman?
Posted By: Bri-ioche

As a man, men who've only dated women before are really easy to impress. I bought my ex dinner a few times and he just about lost his mind because no one had done that for him before. I've heard lesbians say the same thing about women, so I think it's more of a societal expectation thing than anything else.
	Posted By: enjollras 

Idk, I’ve been Bi-myself my entire life
	Posted By: ScreamingGoat25 

My gf walks around naked more than my ex-bf
	Posted By: Right_In_The_Tits 

I could share clothes with my girlfriend, now I just steal my (male) fiance's clothes.
	Posted By: Char1ieA1phaWhiskey 

With most of the women I dated, gift/acts of kindness were an every day thing. Like, I'd make an extra stop for something they liked and it wouldn't be a big deal to them.

Every. Single. Guy. I have dated has lost their minds over the little things. When my husband and I first started dating, I stopped and got him a slushie while I got gas, not even an extra stop. I just set it in front of him at his apartment and you'd have thought it was the Holy Grail.
	Posted By: sewwhatdowehavehere 

From my experience at least, wlw relationships tend to move faster? I can't explain it like when I was with my ex we were so ride or die since day one, saying i love you after less than a month together, very intense overall. Also unfortunately, sometimes you get to realize how much bias and prejudice your "friends" and family might secretly hold.

With men, I never had something like that. There were a lot more downtime I guess? Also no fear about having to go out while holding hands, or introducing to the family. 

Although, aside from a few things, I think it's very different overall because people are different, ya know? Like my ex was very extroverted and my bf is very introverted, so the dynamic changes because of that too.
	Posted By: blueparkelephant 

you know the uhaul lesbian thing? totally true. I get so close so fast with other women, while for men it took me 3 years to get my now-husband warmed up to the idea of marriage. with my ex  girlfriend before him, she was ready to settle down and get married after like...... two months. 

Otherwise I'd say I actually do prefer relationships with women, but they can get more intense than relationships I've had with men. But that's not always a good thing!
	Posted By: rosegardenway 

If I'm with a guy, I can hold hands with him and people will assume he's my boyfriend. If I'm with a woman, I can hold hands with her and people will assume she's my sister. 

Bonus points for a guy asking if he can join in whenever you introduce a woman as your girlfriend!
	Posted By: awesomemjay 

The biggest gender- based difference I've experienced is how other people look at/treat your relationship.
	Posted By: janehatescats 

