	people who have depression, what was the first sign that let you know that you have depression?
Posted By: babygiallo

Lack of hygiene for most people
	Posted By: urbanotter 

I started to feel numb and detached.  Lack of movitation
	Posted By: kanoel5577 

As a kid, I didn't think like a kid. It's as if you already knew how the world worked and how harsh it was.
	Posted By: TwilekVampire 

Probably the fact i eat one meal a day and i just feel tired all the time
	Posted By: Zyon77 

Honestly, I realized I had (mild) depression after I “got better” (for lack of better wording). 

When I started college, I was around more minorities, I started wearing a headscarf, and I started to feel more confident to be me. I had less social anxiety (even though I still have huge problems with that). Once I gained confidence in myself, i guess I just started feeling happier to be living my life. 

I realized that being sad as a teen and hopeless about life might have been “teenage hormones” but it also might have been due to the fact that I wasn’t around the right people. 

At my high school, people all had to be the same. Wearing the same clothes, talking the same way, etc. Thats kinda hard to do when you have thick curly brown hair instead of straight blonde hair, or have tan skin instead of lighter skin. Nothing against them, but I was always left out by some of them, and it led to a lot of self esteem issues.
	Posted By: bIuecoconut 

When I realized I wasn't really feeling anything anymore. The first time it hit was when my grandpa died. I remember talking to my mom on the phone, she is bawling, and I literally didn't feel a thing about it. Still don't, and haven't really felt genuine/lasting emotion for anything in quite a while now.
	Posted By: lineman77 

It always starts with me wanting to be alone and losing interest in things and people around me. Also sleeping a lot.
	Posted By: christineyvette 

Everything becomes exhausting/pointless. Like literally sometimes basic human contact can be so draining I will cry over the thought of an event as trivial a birthday party, or be unable to go into the office because acting ok seems like an impossible feat. Basic hygiene seems both tiring and meaningless. 

When I notice myself self-isolating/neglecting basic hygiene due to feeing too exhausted/defeatist to literally function, I know I need to ask for help, and I try to ask right away despite my brain saying I’m being a squeaky wheel. 

The trick (for me anyways) is to force myself to ask for help right away, NO MATTER WHAT my piece of shit brain tells me. If I wait too long, I will self-sabotage and refuse to accept help, to the point where I will even say the most hurtful things I can think of to drive the “helper” away. I have literally bitten someone for trying to force me to drink some broth, and I have to live with that humiliation. 

Despite all the therapy, I can’t stop my self-sabotaging actions and I can’t seem to make any real headway in my treatment. All I’ve learned is that when depressed, don’t trust your own self and just do what you *know* you need, especially when you don’t *think* you need it. 

Much love ❤️
	Posted By: XDariaMorgendorferX 

Talking shit to myself. It was an early sign that I completely ignored and didn't get treated for for years.

I thought I was just being a successful person. I wanted to do well in life so I was hard on myself to keep myself on track. When I didn't live up to the standards I set for myself I beat myself up for it, because of course that's what you do. If you don't have high expectations for yourself then you must be some sort of soft special snowflake who wants the world to have the world slow down for them instead of rising to the occasion. Right?

It wasn't until my life went to total shit that I had a therapist tell me to give myself a fucking break already. What I was doing wasn't helping me and was hurting my relationships with people and my health.
	Posted By: TetrisCannibal 

Loosing interest/ lack of motivation
	Posted By: EdenAfterSin 

I had self diagnosed depression that started around late August last year and ended around mid January

I just felt sad and lost interest in most things, and any interest j had didn't last very long. As an example, I love fishing, and I will commonly fish for 4-5 hours straight with little luck and still enjoy myself.  When I had depression I would start to lose interest after like a half hour or so, if I even had any interest in the first place. Another thing that I noticed was that I was indifferent about most things. I didn't really care what happened, if I lived or died.
	Posted By: ByroniustheGreat 

Not having interests in the things I used to.
	Posted By: ba-nana-rama 

It's not just not being able to enjoy your own life, it is not being able to conceive of happiness in any life. It isn't just situational, it is global.
	Posted By: Paddlingmyboat 

Never wanting to go out when my friends did and feeling tired all the time.
	Posted By: molly11e 

The thing that led me to get treatment? Getting off work and bawling my eyes out every day. 

In hindsight? Not feeding myself in college, feeling like I was constantly fighting tears, not trying to connect with others because I assumed they wouldn't want to be friends with me. 

It took me almost nine years to realize I had depression. It's the first thing I thought about when I saw all those social media posts at the new year waxing about what people accomplished during the decade. All I could think about was how nearly a decade of my life had this black cloud over it and I wish I or someone else had noticed sooner.
	Posted By: enym 

Realizing that I didn’t care one way or the other. If I had kids or didn’t. If I stayed in my career path or went back to school. If I lived or died. I just don’t care.
	Posted By: autumnmcawesome 

Once I had a decent job and a girlfriend and still felt sad all the time.
	Posted By: recycle4science 

When you feel gloomy but can’t find a reason as to why
	Posted By: rikishocker 

Drastic negative changes in school grades
Inconsistent sleep schedule
A lot of crying for no reason
	Posted By: onacrystalsea 

