	What is the saddest episode of a TV show?
Posted By: undeadgaming2006

The Scrubs episode with Ben's funeral - My Screwup. The emotion from Dr. Cox in that episode is just heart wrenching.
	Posted By: acjgoblu 

That one Avatar episode when it’s Iroh’s son’s birthday
	Posted By: dacringeyfangirl 

The episode of Fresh Prince where will talks about how his dad didn't want him. Yo it may just be me and my life but that sh*t hit me different man. I was there pondering my existence.
	Posted By: beng-p 

“*And Maggie Makes Three*” ~ The Simpsons (s13 e6).

“Do it for her”.
	Posted By: LordMaestro1 

Frys dog waiting on him
	Posted By: ctc_celtic 

The Body - Buffy
	Posted By: vera223 

Bojack Horseman - The View From Halfway Down
	Posted By: PurplePenguinPanda 

*I Remember You* from Adventure Time really pulled my heartstrings

Marceline rummaging around to sing Simon Petrikov's millennium-old note to her she'd never seen before, while the Ice King plays the drums to accompany her, oblivious to their meaning

and--

and Hambo
	Posted By: winelle 

It’s a tie.

Jurassic Bark and the Luck of the Fryrish. They are both so sad for Futurama episodes.
	Posted By: EpicBlinkstrike187 

The Red Wedding really got me the first time I watched it
	Posted By: TheSoviet-Union 

Breaking Bad - S5 E14 Ozymandias. (Spoilers alert)
In this episode Walter realizes his actions' consequences after the Nazis killed hank, almost kill Jesse and stole all of his money. his family hates him and he has to escape from the law after they call the police.. such a sad episode filled with intense scenes.
	Posted By: KarimTBB 

Regular Show finale episode
	Posted By: Ethan1516 

Series: House // Episode: Wilson's Heart
	Posted By: david_of_rivia 

M*A*S*H last episode of season 3, where Colonel Blake is discharged and his plane is shot down on his way home.
	Posted By: m3phil 

The hospital shooting episode on Grey's Anatomy.

On a totally separate note, the episode where Michael leaves The Office.

And lastly, the episode of Ozark where Wendy leaves Ben at the restaurant.
	Posted By: hernameisjeff 

Grey’s Anatomy plane crash episode. Bawled my eyes out. Chyler Leigh is such a good actress.
	Posted By: xxxseventeenxxx 

Newsradio after Phil Hartman's death.
	Posted By: EvenMoreAverage 

