	What made you lose interest in a person you had a crush on?
Posted By: Crazy_hag7

I found her on tinder while her fiance was deployed in the navy
	Posted By: homojayspliffson 

She was a bad parent to her kids.
	Posted By: kwack250 

I realized she was mean.

About 4 years ago, I moved in next door to a beautiful woman.  She was fun and we got along great.  We started doing activities together.  We hiked, we worked out, we watched movies.  

Then one day, we went to a fast food drive thru and she completely berated the workers for no good reason.  I was mortified.  Then as we were driving away she said "They're the stupidest people.  They never listen."  Then I said "You know they probably spit in your food, right?"  She gave me a "thanks a lot" look.  My crush ended that day.
	Posted By: casino_night 

She littered , It was supposed to be a nice walk in the park , we got subway and she threw the wrapper and napkins in a garden. I picked it up and threw it out myself after she called me  weird and walked away.
	Posted By: chevy1500 

I was on a date with a girl. We were taking a little walk. The weather was quite cold so she was wearing a big coat. She took her hands out of her pockets. He hands were full of tissues, scraps of paper, candy wrappers, and she just dumped it all on the floor. We were a couple of metres away from a bin. I pretty much went straight home.
	Posted By: Herzogsteve 

We got into an argument during my freshman year while we were in the “talking phase” and then she screamed at me in the hallway
	Posted By: hernia1713 

I got a promotion at work, he got butthurt and then stabbed me in the back. He was given a part of the promotion that I was given, not even half of the responsibilities. When I realized that he was a weasel but also not GOOD at being a weasel he wasn’t sexy anymore.
	Posted By: awww_shit45 

When he and his friend told a 5-year old to jump off a cliff.
That was fucked up.
	Posted By: HikariDaWeeb 

I noticed he was an attention seeker, I heard the same cool stories he told me when I first met him that drew me in again and again and realised he was egotistical. Basically if you say you've climbed a mountain he would interrupt to say he's climbed a bigger one that was more dangerous.
	Posted By: ciggybuttbrain666 

She took a cat she had adopted and allowed it to run away because it had become noisy at night. I knew she allowed him to run away because a day later he came back smelling of the outside and meowing at her door. 

I took him in, washed him in the bathroom, and she kept sarcastically saying "That's your cat now!". 

Yea, he is, and I still have him and he's still annoying and loud but I love him anyway. It's the ugliest sort of person who selfishly adopts a cat while depressed and then tries to rid themselves of this life they took responsibility for.
	Posted By: TheDood715 

She wasn't interested in me that way.  Lack of interest from the other person is kind of a deal breaker for me.
	Posted By: shroom2021 

He told me that he wanted me to sleep with other people and tell him about it. And that he stood on the edge of a bridge all night long debating on jumping because he didn’t think he could make me happy enough.
	Posted By: alotteofchar 

He blew up at our waitress for absolutely no reason other than his having a bad day.  Idiot.
	Posted By: WeasersMom14 

Played hard to get
	Posted By: articlance 

I showed him my holographic Squirtle notebook and then shortly after it mysteriously vanished from my cubby and he wouldn't look me in the eye I asked him about it.

I KNOW WHAT YOU DID JOEY.
	Posted By: EFFING_TREE_STARS 

