	What is the saddest line in the saddest song?
Posted By: cupcakeandzombie

But the girl on the car in the parking lot says
"man, you should try to take a 
Shot. can't you see my walls are crumblin'" 
Then she looks up at the building 
And says she's thinkin' of jumping. she says 
She's tired of life, she must be tired of something.

Round here by counting crows. More of a bridge, but gives context. Such a beautiful song.
	Posted By: theyremineralsmaddie 

Pretty much all of Hallelujah
	Posted By: klsi832 

I know someday you'll have a beautiful life...

I know you'll be a star in someone else's sky...

But why, why, why, can't it be in mine?

Pearl Jam - Black.
	Posted By: thewhitedeath 

 And her mother lies there sick with cancer, and her friends don't understand her

The first time I heard this song was right after my mother was diagnosed with lymphoma. I had to pull over the car I was sobbing so badly and had to explain to a cop that pulled over to check on me what was wrong. He ended up being really nice and called my dad to come get me. He waited with me while my dad got a family friend to give him a ride so he could drive my car home for me. I never told my mom about it, either.

The Christmas Shoes song was just as bad.
	Posted By: Limeyhi 

someone like youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
	Posted By: Sammy999IsHere1122 

The line, "even when I can't say love ya, I love ya," from Molly by Lil Dicky always gets me.
	Posted By: itstheweather 

She's only 17!!!
	Posted By: BarelyLegalSeagull 

https://youtu.be/-jlkdi2nGG8

"I don't want to clean this room cause then I'll be the only mess left". That was pretty real. This is the song that made me want to listen to other Ivan B songs but if you hear him bitch once then you've heard him bitch in all his other songs. They all sound the same lol
	Posted By: SterlingCasanova 

I've kissed enough bathroom sinks

To make up for the lovers who never loved me

- "Go Home", Julien Baker
	Posted By: dread_pirate_hera 

That line from 'Diary' by Bread.

"The one she waited for... was someone else, not me."

Big sad.
	Posted By: geekglassesglaceon 

Honestly the entirety of "The Sea Is A Good Place To Think about The Future" example, the beginning of the song "I grabbed a hold of her wrist and my hand close from tip to tip, I said you've taken the diet too far, you've got to let it slip. But she's not eating again she's not eating again she's not eating again she's not eating again (etc)"
	Posted By: ByTheWayImGay 

“It’s been five years since you’ve been gone. Jimmy, I married your best friend John.”
	Posted By: mingmingcat 

“It might be easier to just die,
Than to earn your forgiveness”


Ooof.
	Posted By: scarlett486 

Where are your friends tonight?

All My Friends - LCD Soundsystem
	Posted By: f1nchley 

I can be your friend but you want to drown

- Water by Andrew Huang
	Posted By: Jjynja 

“And as our ship pulled into Circular Quay, I looked at the place where me legs used to be and thanked Christ there was no one there waiting for me to grieve and to mourn, and to pity”
	Posted By: ZeroXTML1 

Tell my wife I love her very much she knows
	Posted By: mudads 

Basically all of A Case of You by Joni Mitchell.
	Posted By: Jahidinginvt 

“cold silence has a tendency to atrophy any sense of compassion between supposed lovers”
	Posted By: winedinesixty9 

"I'm a Barbie girl, in a Barbie world" 

This line really captures the essence of the dark hole of consumerism and materialism that our world lives in. Where we value fake-ness, in order to feel good.
	Posted By: jokeemonkeee 

This is how you remind me of what I really am
	Posted By: markymark434 

"I know you'll be a star in somebody else's sky, but why can't it be, oh why can't it be mine?"
	Posted By: sd_glokta 

