	What are the craziest conspiracy theories you’ve ever heard of?
Posted By: Gorgonzola-Cheese

That chapstick comes in a tube so it will roll away and you lose it, having to buy more. I’m onto you big chapstick.
	Posted By: Juturna_ 

The phantom time hypothesis.

Basically to legitimise his claim to the throne of the holy Roman empire, emperor Otto the 3rd forged the entire history of Europe from around 600 to 900AD and his fictional version of history is the one we believe to be real today.
	Posted By: craigdavidsanorak 

I met this old hippie one night at the bar who gave me a 20 minute lecture on how Elvis is still alive and living on the moon. I entertained him because he was buying whiskey shots but fuck me he could speak some bullshit
	Posted By: fuckenshreddit 

That Disney made the movie Frozen so that when you search for "Disney frozen", it turns up the movie and nothing about Walt Disney himself being cryogenically preserved
	Posted By: The_Height_of_Folly 

There's a secret cannibalism restaurant in LA and if you get in they have pictures and a list of celebrities with preferences as to how each celebrity likes their human. I like a good conspiracy theory but this one is a little out there for my taste
	Posted By: christian_daddy1 

9/11 never happened and was a mostly CGI-animated film made by James Cameron to test the realism of the technology on the public before he started using it on Avatar.

Source: meth head who talked to me for nearly an hour when I was working at Walmart.
	Posted By: herpty_derpty 

The stranger danger campaign intentionally misled families into misplacing their fears of their children being kidnapped by a stranger in a van to protect the American family unit. Most crimes against children are perpetrated by a person who knows them well and the child is comfortable with, but pointing this out would cause too much distrust of family members lead to the breakdown of family ties.
	Posted By: Booty_Gobbler69 

Bread is a hoax invented by bread companies to sell more bread
	Posted By: Nathan_is_writing 

Fake virus being caused by 5G towers.
	Posted By: ZhupaZ 

I posted this on a different comment but maybe you guys can help me out here:

Around 5-7years ago Orchid plants started being sold in droves to seemingly every floral area of every grocery store in America. I’m talking big white orchids, little purple mini orchids, ugly brown orchids, orchids in every color and size and sometimes even orchids that don’t look like orchids. America is rotten with god damn orchids. Once thought to be a particularly exotic and expensive plant, now they are cheaper then most succulents and they take up all the shelf space. Who is buying these orchids? Sure, we’ve all *tried* our hands at orchid owning and within a couple weeks no more flowers no matter how many damn ice cubes you’ve put in the soil. I don’t see any of those grocery store orchids in my friends homes, not at any office, not even in restaurants. What the fuck is going on with these orchids? So okay, orchids in large numbers what is the conspiracy? I wish I knew. I’m asking reddit to help me make up some unreasonable reason for the grocery store orchids.
	Posted By: theWildBore 

The moon is actually super close to the earth, but the size of a potato.
	Posted By: save_my_soul_pls 

That Stanely Kubric was hired to fake the moon landing, but being the perfectionist he was he insisted on shooting on location.  This made the moon landing 5x as expensive as they had to launch an entire film crew, and build a studio on the Moon.
	Posted By: InconvenientData 

That the government controls all of the weather by a complicated array of antennas and satellites in a remote Alaskan town. 

If you are interested look up HAARP and I’m sorry for the hours you will lose.
	Posted By: adamabest 

