	What's one of the dumbest things you've ever spent money on?
Posted By: 3VD

I was 11 and my dad gave me 50 bucks to spend at the mall. So, I wandered into a gift shop and spent it all on an electronic vibrating oinking pink pig. I never played with it after I brought it home. 

Tried to return it, only to be offered store credit.
	Posted By: TheQueensBishop 

When I went on a school field trip to Washington DC back in middle school, I bought a $2 bill at a souvenir shop for $20. smh
	Posted By: ogkudo 

When I was 19, I got a construction job that paid fairly well. Stupid me got all hot and horny for a fun car. I signed up for a 5 year loan after test driving the first one. I ended up having engine failure almost 2 years later. Because it was a used car and from a shady used car dealer, the warranty was well expired. I couldn't afford to get a new engine for it so I ended paying over 3 years for a car that I wasn't driving.
	Posted By: corneliusthunderfoot 

I was drunk and bought Monster Ballads off an infomercial. And I paid an extra $20 for rush delivery, because I was drunk and needed it asap, and it showed up a month later.
	Posted By: TheDandyWarhol 

There was this guy named Don Lapre who sold money making kits. Like how to make money with classified ads.

I think I “invested” about $350 and received literally nothing of value.

I was young(er) and being stupid.

Looked him up tonight to remember how to spell his name. Turns out he killed himself with a razor blade while in jail in 2011.
	Posted By: fishintheboat 

This past Christmas Eve I was doing some last minute shopping and came across a wine glass shaped like Buddy from the movie 'Elf' which of course also had Will Ferell's face on it. With everything kinda being out of order with the holiday rush I didn't know how much it cost, but I bought it on pure impulse because I thought it was funny. It wasn't until I left the store and looked at the receipt did I realize that it cost 22 dollars, which is way more than it's worth. To remind me of my mistake, I now drink out of that glass exclusively and have been for the past 5 months, I have to wash it like twice a day but I won't stop using it until I feel like I've gotten my 22 dollars worth
	Posted By: JustSarver 

When I was like 14 I bought a pack of intentionally mismatched socks that were really expensive. Like, only one of each pattern. Could have bought twice as many normal socks and just mismatched them myself.
	Posted By: virgo-punk 

Most expensive dumb thing?

A Mercedes 500SEL. 

Literally bankrupt myself buying parts and gas for that fucking land yacht. Sold it for half what I paid and felt lucky to be rid of it.

Dumbest dumb thing?

A metallic gold laden painting of a Pontiac Firebird. It oozes white trash and I had planned on putting it in a family gift exchange as a joke but didn't end up going and got stuck with it. It's currently hanging in a storage room, like all classy paintings do.
	Posted By: PM-ME-PO-TA-TOES 

I spent $40 one of those amusement park booths  where you had to throw darts at balloons. For some reason, I picked out this really ugly 7ft tall frog stuffed animal. It’s in the corner of my closet and still scares me when I’m half awake in the morning.
	Posted By: -ariose- 

I bought a timeshare.
	Posted By: Dyspaereunia 

I was just a few weeks out of basic training and bought one of those family lineage with the shields on it and description.

I blew $500 or so bucks just to find out it wasn't even accurate.
	Posted By: th3_warth0g 

Got that inflatable dinosaur costume. Wore it once around my campus and now I forgot where it is
	Posted By: ReasonableBeep 

