	What's the most high risk, low reward thing you've ever done?
Posted By: siiborg

I stole every wheel off the chairs in my high school's computer lab as a joke during a 20-minute break. I still have one of them. Probably could've gotten expelled just for a slightly funny joke and a useless chair wheel.
	Posted By: Stauen 

Went to college
	Posted By: 2020_A_Chad_Odyssey 

Taking a year in a program I wasn’t interested in to try and get a girl, who turned me down instantly.
	Posted By: Knowing_ghost 

Marrying my wife.
	Posted By: toddthedog1 

I remember I stole a sour key from one of those bins at saving on food when I was eight. Some Karen saw me and came to me with a worker and made me apologize, never shoplifted agian
	Posted By: Inevitablefailure8 

I moved across the country (California to Massachusetts) because I saw my high school crush on a dating site.

Turns out she won't date bald men under any circumstances.
	Posted By: sd_glokta 

I once climbed an old truss bridge to get some neat pictures of myself, i climbed under it and sat on the beams beneath the bridge, i climbed the the very top, i hung off the edge of the bridge above several rocks. Once i got done and showed the pictures to my friends and they said they sucked.
	Posted By: Basic_W1te_boy 

I played Russian roulette solitaire
	Posted By: daddy_mark 

Going way beyond the speed limit when I first started driving
	Posted By: LionsPride14 

Once got in a fit of road rage...

 - A guy cut me off on the interstate, so I honked at him (wasn't a quick honk, it was a longer one, few seconds)

 - Guy slows down and matches the speed of the car in the right lane, so I'm blocked now.

 - I flash my headlights and honk again

 - He proceeds to spit out his sunroof and it hits my windshield

 - He then accelerates heavily back to speed

 - I floor it, move to the right lane and move to pass him

 - He floors it, now we're both going faster (definitely got over 85mph, limit was 65 IIRC)

 - Coming up quickly on a delivery truck in the right lane (he's still in the left, I'm in the right) I punch it harder

 - I just barely get in ahead of him then cut him off, maybe 50ft before the delivery truck.

 - I slow down and match the speed of the delivery truck. Wait for probably a minute at that speed (speed limit)  then pass the delivery truck and move right. (he had been tailgating me and half driving on the shoulder)

 - Guy floors and flies past, I return to going 5 over the speed limit.

Lots of risk, zero reward. I was a complete idiot and there was nothing to gain. Saved no time and endangered at least 3 lives, if not more (mine, other guy, and delivery truck)
	Posted By: Pyronic_Chaos 

Long story short, I scared my passenger into grabbing my steering wheel on the highway
	Posted By: PROvolones 

Using a razor to manscape
	Posted By: GucciBeyblade 

Showing up to lecture late
	Posted By: GMMASTERMIND 

Stole some random season of Seinfeld dvds from Walmart by putting them under my hoodie. Alarm went off as I left but it was 1 am so no one did shit. Just kept on walking.
	Posted By: WhiteRabbit326 

Sent my boss a glitter bomb, never told anyone who sent it.  The whole organization, thousands of people, know it happened, boss flipped out when glitter went everywhere.  I’ll never tell anyone.
	Posted By: bndboo 

my entire life. all my decisions. lol. too much to elaborate.
	Posted By: deadrootz 

