	Whats the dumbest thing you've ever been afraid of as a child?
Posted By: Beyvt

The “shark” in the pool.
	Posted By: YourHostBett110 

Flushing the toilet at night. It seemed so loud and would literally freak me out
	Posted By: anxietymeds 

Small soldiers, I remember having nightmares after I watched that film.
	Posted By: Useless-Assassin 

I was afraid Chucky would crawl up from the toilet while I was pooping and stab me in the butt. I have no idea why I thought this would happen.



Also doorway gremlins. Legit was afraid I would walk through a door and there would be gremlin monsters on the other side at the top waiting to pounce on me and kill me. Again, no idea why I thought this would happen.
	Posted By: CinnaSol 

At 5, I was afraid that if people talked shit about the wind it would send a tornado to kill them. 

One time my dad said “damn. It’s so windy” and I was like, “DAD NO!”
	Posted By: DirtyDratini 

The best friend of my dad... honestly he is such a funny, amazing and nice person and I was literally crying and screaming while running away
	Posted By: LittlexPanxPerson 

The man at the bottom of the stairs. I've never seen his spooky ass, but I know he chases me up every time.
	Posted By: TinyTimsTummy 

automatic stairs. i thought if i wouldn't jump in time i would be traped and crushed.
	Posted By: michael2633 

I used to have a recurring nightmare about a 'vampire parrot' that we kept as a pet for some reason.

In my dream, it was a family pet, and we just kept him in a cage, hanging from the ceiling in the hall.  It was just a regular-looking parrot, totally unassuming.  My family believed it was just a cute, feathery, colorful critter.  But nobody else realized; it would feed on me, when they couldn't see it.  It would steal my blood.  When I cried to my parents, they refused to believe me.  Nobody believed me.

Here's the thing.  It didn't *bite* me to drain my blood.  It *hooked me up to an IV, and drained my blood directly into its little bird body*.  I don't actually know how it managed to do this - there would be some twist of dream logic and suddenly it was just happening.  In the dream, I would be sitting in a chair, IV attached, blood draining into the evil bird - my parents might even be standing *right there!* I would cry and cry because "he's taking too much of my blood, mommy!  He's going to kill me!"  It was all happening right in front of them.  But they would just tell me to stop making things up - it's like they couldn't see the dark transfer unfolding right in front of them.  And the bird *knew*.

I never actually had a parrot as a pet, he only existed in my dreams.  But he popped in to have his feast every week or so, for a significant period of my three year-old life.
	Posted By: btowntkd 

My sister is 6 years older than me and my twin.  When we were 5ish she told us she was secretly a witch and she needed to eat children to survive.
	Posted By: Quaintgraphics 

The time before I was old enough to realize I was too large to be sucked down the bathtub drain.
	Posted By: postmoderngeisha 

Shots/vaccinations. I was convinced that my veins were already full of blood, and injecting any more liquid into them would cause them to explode.
	Posted By: mamabur 

The Heffalumps and Woozles song from Winnie the Pooh
	Posted By: BigMoe52 

I was very anxious about eating soup. 

I thought we had a stomach-like compartment for solids, and a separate one for liquids. The solids were processed by the body and became poop; the liquids were processed and became urine. Two complete systems independent of each other. 

If food or drink went where it wasn't meant to go, the person would cough and splutter to give the body a chance to move it to the appropriate receptacle - hence the concerned parent saying "oops, wrong hole, you ok?".

Someone told me it was unhealthy to have a drink with your meal (when in fact the opposite is true), reinforcing this separate systems idea in my mind. 

So where did soup go? The chunky kind... And what about stews? Gravy? Iceream?

The more I thought about it, the more anxious I became.
	Posted By: Excluded_Apple 

The red lights from cell towers. The always looked so scary at night
	Posted By: AzureWing10 

Pressure cookers
	Posted By: baburao88 

